Ahhhh!
Little Spirit, is this still your son?
His power is above you and me
Junior brother, you are amazing
Even if you rely on the divine stock to get through it at the beginning
But in the end, it's all on your own
Even if there is no Kamitani now
We are invincible.
Thanks to the ancestors
If he hadn't given me this opportunity
I haven't had a chance to solve this evil problem yet
The origin of this evil
It's all because of me
I already know how it happened
Needless to say
Where is Liuli Jingping now?
This evil is too powerful
I'm afraid Liuli Jingping can't do anything to him
Don't worry, dad
I have my own way
OK
Well, since you know everything
I don't pretend anymore
That's right, I'm your father's senior
Speak and die by being possessed
Although you are powerful
But as long as you are locked in the glass net product
With my top orchid cheats
Enough to turn you into scum
hateful
Did Moriko cross over?
How do you know everything?
Lock you up for 100 years
You just stay and wait to die
Unfortunately, I came across one.
Tell dad
How did you become so powerful?
Dad will have a long time in the future
I'll tell you slowly.